Added opentelemetry-collector rock and tests (#1)
canonical/opentelemetry-collector-rock: .github/pull_request_template.md

## Issue
<!-- What issue is this PR trying to solve? -->

## Solution
<!-- A summary of the solution addressing the above issue -->

## Context
<!-- What is some specialized knowledge relevant to this project/technology -->

## Testing Instructions
<!-- What steps need to be taken to test this PR? -->

## Upgrade Notes

> <!-- To upgrade from an older revision of charmed prometheus, ... -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- To upgrade from an older revision of otelcol rock, ... -->
```
